
    Circulation. Most books at the Frances Donaldson Library may be borrowed for the length of the term by faculty, staff, and seminarians of Nashotah House. Other materials (compact discs, audio-cassette recordings, videocassettes, and DVD's) circulate for 7 days. Periodicals do not circulate. Call or send email to Mrs. Hummer.

    Distance Learning. With adjustments necessary to overcome the obstacles of distance, all of the library's services are available to seminarians enrolled in the House's distance learning programs. For a fuller account, see the library's Distance Services page.

    Interlibrary Loan. The library will seek to borrow items not held here for the Nashotah House community and for library members. We have arrangements with regional, state-wide, and national library organizations to provide interlibrary loan service. Most loans are arranged through the OCLC system. In turn, the Library lends materials to libraries throughout the United States. Call or send email to Mrs. Hummer.

    Reference and Library Instruction. Although the library staff is available to assist patrons during normal business hours, the staff seeks to train seminarians to be independent information seekers and evaluators. To this end, all seminarians receive an initial library orientation, so that they may begin developing skill in seeking and evaluating theological information. Course-related instruction and tutorial sessions are also available to further enhance the seminarian's information-seeking skills. Reference questions should be directed, in the first instance, to Mr. Sherwood, Librarian of the House. Call or send email to Mr. Sherwood.

    Writing and Research Tutorials. A seminarian may request extended assistance in the form of writing and research tutorials in order to cope with a particularly challenging writing or research project.  More general tutorials are sometimes suggested by faculty members, or requested by a seminarian, in order to address general weaknesses in writing or research skills.  Seminarians frequently request additional assistance in learning to format papers in the Turabian style, which is the standard for written work at Nashotah House.  The library also provides a brief  citation style guide and a web page with advice on ways of automating  the creation of  Turabian-style references. For more information, call or send email to Mr. Sherwood.

    Archives and Rare Books. The Archives and Rare Books room may be used by our patrons. However, it is kept locked, and patrons must be admitted to the room by a member of the library staff.  Questions relating to the library's rare book collections should be directed to Mr. Sherwood. Send email to Mr. Sherwood. Questions relationg to the library's archival collections should be directed, in the first instance, to Fr. Winslow, Part-Time Archivist for the House. Send email to Fr. Winslow.
